<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="./template/HomeTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

    <ui:define name="title">
        About US
    </ui:define>
        
    <ui:define name="col1">
        <h:form> 
            In the context of the real estate market is growing, the need to sell, lease or buy, find rental properties is growing. When implementing a business real estate projects, sell or rent a house - the ground, the most disturbed is to convey information to many customers wishing to use really. In contrast, for those customers wishing to purchase or lease real estate, the desire to find the most suitable real estate, ensure safe, convenient and legal. However, the demand for real estate transactions have been difficult in the ad as well as find information about real estate. How to advertise and search for real estate information quick, reliable, accurate, saving time, effort, help the real estate transaction easy, fast, convenient and more efficient. SweetHome.com born and fully meet the criteria. By advertising online advertising tools, will assist our customers the most effective solutions in buying, selling, renting and leasing of real estate.
        <br/>
        <ui>
            Criteria: "Together contributions provide information to help the housing market transparency, as well as promoting healthy and ensure that the transaction went well!"
        </ui>    
        <br/>
            MySweetHome.Com
            <br/>
            Specialized information about the land in the country as well as internationally. Information system The soil is updated regularly and fully to users with general information on the land. Information systems include:
        <ui>
            Provides information on the latest market events.
        </ui>
            <ui>
            Update information for policy and planning.
        </ui>
            <ui>
           Current situation as well as the current status of the World Housing.
        </ui>
            <ui>
            The article on the status of, and trends.
        </ui>
            <ui>
            Library of legal documents, project information.
            </ui>
          <ui>
           Articles about architecture, feng shui.
        </ui>
        
            
        </h:form>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
